Health Coach: Let’s work on setting a goal-- that’s specific, measurable, attainable, relevant and timely. Setting a SMART goal will help focus your goal and increase your chance of completing it. So tell me, what specifically do you want to do? 
Participant: I want to eat more fruits and vegetables. 
Health Coach: Can you tell me a little about why eating more fruits and vegetables is important to you?
Participant: When I eat more fruits and vegetables I tend to feel better both physically and mentally. I want to take care of myself in this way. Plus, I love fresh fruit!
Health Coach: Eating more fruits and vegetables is important to you because they help you feel better physically and mentally and you want to take care of yourself. How many more servings of fruits and vegetables would you want to eat in a day or a week?
Participant: Ideally, I’d want to eat two additional servings of fruits and vegetables a day.
Health Coach: Considering your current eating habits, is this a realistic or an attainable goal?
Participant: Realistically, no. 
Health Coach: That’s okay. Let’s modify the goal to something more attainable. Would you want to do one serving of fruits and vegetables a day instead?
Participant: Yes! That sounds more doable, but still feels like a difficult goal. 
Health Coach: You know yourself best. How can we make the goal more attainable?
Participant: I can commit to eating one additional serving of fruits and vegetables two days out of the week. 
Health Coach: Great adjustments! What meal of the day do you think is most appropriate? 
Participant: When I first wake up so I don’t forget. I think breakfast time would work best.
Health Coach: More fruits and vegetables for breakfast sounds great! What is the time frame in which you want to accomplish this goal? 
Participant: I want to commit to it for the next week. 
Health Coach: Great. For this week, you will eat an extra serving of fruits or vegetables (a ½ cup of raw carrots or ½ cup of strawberries), 2 days of the week during your breakfast meal. How does that sound?
Participant: Super doable! 
Health Coach: On a scale of one (low) to ten (high), how confident do you feel in completing your SMART goal for the week?
Participant: Nine! 
Health Coach: I look forward to hearing about your success at our next session. 
Health Coach: You have identified that the weather prevented you from achieving your goal. What are other ways to still be physically active without having to go outside? 
Participant: I can watch an exercise video on YouTube and follow along. I can play some music and dance. I can practice yoga or Zumba. 
Health Coach: You came up with great ideas. Which one would you like to try for this week in case it rains again? 
Participant: I will practice yoga to relieve my stress in case it rains and I can’t exercise outside.  
Health Coach: You are ready to start your week! I look forward to our next session. 
Health Coach: Last week, you were going to practice yoga to relieve your stress in case it rained. How did it go? 
Participant: I thought yoga was going to be easy and accessible, but it wasn’t. I didn’t do yoga. 
Health Coach: Finding an effective alternative can be difficult. You provided a few other solutions last week, would like to revisit those or come up with new ideas? 
Participant: I want to play music and dance instead of practicing yoga. This activity will help relieve my stress.  
Health Coach: Regardless of the challenges you are facing, you are determined to keep working towards your goal. If you need additional resources or support, reach out to me through text. We can consider alternative ideas. 
Health Coach: Tell me about your week, how did it go with playing music and dancing to relieve your stress?
Participant: I found a great playlist online! It helped me get active and want to start dancing. I danced for at least 20 minutes three times this week which was my goal and I felt less stressed afterwards. 
Health Coach: Congratulations on achieving your goal! You found an alternative solution that works for you. 
Health Coach: Tell me about your week, how did it go with playing music and dancing to relieve your stress?
Participant: Well, I had a lot on my mind and had to prioritize my time with responsibilities. I didn’t meet my goal. 
Health Coach: You are doing the best you can and perhaps it's not a good time to use exercise as a way to relieve your stress.
Participant: Yes, I see now that I have too much on my plate and don’t have the time or focus to achieve my goal. 
Health Coach: We can revisit this goal when you are ready. 
Health Coach:Cool, so firstly, EXAMIN is a two-part intervention. One aspect is the health and wellness daily text messages, which you should have started receiving or will receive in a few days. The second part of the program is the health coaching. So in my role as your health coach, I will meet with you once a week through Zoom for about 20 minutes. During this time, I'll check in with you about the daily text messages, your weekly health goal, and your stress level.
In addition, I'll follow up with you through text in between our sessions to further support your progress. If any questions or topics come up that are outside of my scope or expertise as a health coach, I will let you know the limitations and my knowledge and help you get connected to the appropriate resource. And while this is a research study and we will be collecting data, our specific conversations will be kept confidential, and the data will be de-identified.
Health Coach:So you are welcome to share as much or as little as you feel comfortable with. By the end of the four weeks, we hope that you gain skills around problem solving and goal setting as a way to feel empowered to manage your spiritual, mental, and physical health. So just a little bit more, I'd like to thank you again for choosing to participate in our program, and your participation will help us determine whether more students can benefit from EXAMEN and whether it can be offered in a larger scale setting.
Do you have any questions before we get started? 
Participant: I think one of the main things that I can think of is you mentioned that we're meeting for 20 minutes, and is it going to be the same day every week, or how do we schedule that weekly meeting? 
Health Coach:Yeah, so we have two approaches. One is we could do it at the same time every week and then have it scheduled out for the next four weeks, or we can schedule after each session to better fit your schedule for the following week.
Participant: Okay and is 20 minutes a set time, or if I needed more than 20 minutes, is that a possibility? 
Health Coach:Yeah, so there is some flexibility. I schedule these appointments for 30 minutes, and if I have another appointment after this, I may not be able to offer you any more time, but if there is a little more time, I'd be happy to offer you more than the 20 minutes. 
Participant: Perfect, thank you. Yeah, and will I have your contact information in case something comes up? That way, I can let you know if we need to reschedule or anything like that.
Health Coach:Yes, you should have my email address, and then the text messages that you're getting, if you respond to that message, I will receive it, so you can contact me either through email or text message. 
Participant: Perfect, thank you.
Health Coach:Yeah, okay, any other questions? 
Participant: No, that's all for now. 
Health Coach:Okay, cool. So I'd like to first ask you about the text messages that you received thus far. What messages stood out for you and have they motivated you in some way? 
Participant: I think for the most part, it was good to just be reminded of things that I could just do on a daily basis to stay active, like going out for a walk or eating fruits and vegetables. It's another way to also start to work on some of those health and wellness goals that I have. So for now, I think those are sort of the things that stood out, the reminders about physical activity, but also the healthy eating part.
Health Coach:Awesome, that's really wonderful to hear. I'm glad that they've kind of helped you give you some direction in terms of like, what you want for your own health. So transitioning into that a little bit more, what are you hoping for or what would you like to focus on this week in terms of the health goals? 
Participant: In thinking about the physical activity messages, I think it's something I've wanted to improve upon. I know right now, for example, it's summer and the weather is really nice. So I really would want to work on increasing my physical activity by going out for a walk, even if it's just for 20 minutes. Because I think I'm just very unmotivated and finding some motivation, it's kind of hard at times, especially when there's a lot of other things going on.
So I tend to have this tendency to push the walking to later later, but then it never happens. So I guess I'm looking to figure out how do I focus my energy a little better so that I can have that motivation and be able to do it. 
Health Coach:Yeah, so the method that we use in terms of supporting and reaching your health goals is the SMART skills or the SMART goal. Have you heard of this before? 
Participant: A little bit. I've used that for school for other items, I would say. Yeah.
Health Coach:So the way that we're going to apply it here is to really craft a sentence, so to speak, that's clear, specific, you know how to track it, you know what's motivating you, and it's realistic. So the S stands for specific, the M is measurable, A is attainable, R is relevant or realistic, and then T is timely. So from what you shared, it sounds like you want to get some more physical activity.
Walking seems to be the approachable method. So let's make that a little more specific. Do you hope to walk three times a week, five times a week, every day? What seems most realistic to you? 
Participant: I would say to get started, at least three days of the week for 20 minutes would be a good start.
Health Coach:Okay. So why is it important that you walk three days a week for 20 minutes? What's coming up for you? 
Participant: I think about how, especially in the last two years, I've been working indoor a lot, so I'm not getting out as much, and I feel that that's kind of also creating this like weird sense of I just don't want to do anything else. So I want to be able to get out of the space that I'm in and, you know, take in the fresh air.
I think it might be refreshing, and it might actually make me more productive. At least that's what I hope for, but I need to start. I need to start trying it at least.
Health Coach:Yeah. Okay. What's something, a tool, or, yeah, just something that could help remind you of this goal? 
Participant: So I've tried to do a few things before, such as setting reminders on my phone, but I have a tendency to just ignore them. Or set a reminder on my calendar, since I'm often in front of the computer, and that way it'll remind me. Those haven't worked very well, and I can't figure out. I can easily ignore those, so I think I need something a little bit more creative.
Health Coach:More creative. Okay. So another strategy that has helped folks in like that reminder piece is attaching it to something else that you already do.
So for example, if you shower, you know, at 6 p.m. every day, maybe at 5:30 you walk for the 20 minutes, and then you do your shower. Or you have dinner, right? You have dinner every day at 6 p.m., and then you walk right after dinner. So attaching it to something else.
Is there anything in your day that you do routinely already that you can attach a 20-minute walk to? 
Participant: I would say, in all honesty, the most routine thing that I do is eat breakfast in the morning, of course, and brush my teeth. And oftentimes when I've tried to implement any type of physical activity, I find that if I do it in the morning, that's when I'm more successful than if I leave it to later in the day. Because when I leave it for later in the day, that's when it tends to not happen.
So I do feel that it's something that I would want to do first thing in the morning, so that it's sort of something I don't have to think about anymore for the rest of the day. And it's also a good way to start the morning. For sure.
Health Coach:So does going for a 20-minute walk at least three times in the next week in the morning sound possible? Attainable?
Participant: Yes, it does. It does. Okay.
Health Coach:So would you want to be more specific in this by specifying which days of the week that you want to go for a walk, or would it be more helpful to have that flexibility and just have the goal of three days a week? 
Participant: I do think that setting specific time and date will be helpful, because then I can hold myself accountable to that. So for example, I know today is Thursday, so I can definitely do this on Friday, Sunday, and Monday. And that would be three days that I could dedicate to walking in the morning.
Health Coach:Awesome. Yeah, 20 minutes. So in terms of crafting that SMART goal, I think we have enough pieces to make that happen.
So in the next week, you will go for a walk for 20 minutes at least three times a week, specifically on Friday, Sunday, and Monday. Yeah. So one way to test this is to ask on a scale of one to ten, what's your confidence level in meeting your SMART goal, where one is not confident and ten is really confident?
Participant: I would say like a six. 
Health Coach:A six. Okay. So what about the goal is causing some uncertainty in your confidence? I was thinking about all the things I have to do this weekend, and I realized I told a friend I would come out and visit.
Participant: At first, I thought, oh, well, maybe she'll want to do a 20 minute walk. But then I thought, well, what if she doesn't want to do a 20 minute walk? So I'm thinking I should actually maybe change the days of the week, and that would be more helpful. So instead of Sunday, I would just do Friday, Monday, and Tuesday, because that's more dependent on me, and I don't have to depend on how she feels and whether or not she wants to do this with me.
Health Coach:Okay 
Participant: So I think that would put me at an eight. Yeah. So walking for 20 minutes on Friday, Monday, and Tuesday, and that would be a confidence level of eight.
Health Coach:Yeah. I think it's really helpful to hear you repeat it back, and if you could say it one more time in a full sentence, like in the next week, I will, and then go for it. 
Participant: So in the next week, I will walk for 20 minutes on Friday, Monday, and Tuesday in the morning. My goal is to do it at 8:30. 
Health Coach:Awesome. Congratulations! You've set your first smart health goal. Do you have any questions about that or anything else? 
Participant: I guess in thinking about, I'll just keep track of it and then report back next week, or?
Health Coach:Yeah, so it really depends on how you want to track it, if it's something you want to keep in your notes app, but because you specified the date, like Friday, Monday, and Tuesday, that's one way of tracking it.
Participant: Okay. Yeah. 
Health Coach:Did something else come to mind? 
Participant: No. No, that was all. I guess just thinking about, since we're going to be meeting weekly, then I will report to you next time we meet about how it went.
Health Coach:Yeah. And in these sessions, we sometimes have the opportunity to set more than one smart goal, but since this is our first time, I think it's just kind of like an easing into it.
So we'll see how things go next week, and if you want to keep the same goal, we can talk about that. 
Health Coach:One thing I do want to circle back to is regarding your stress level. On a scale of one to ten, what is your stress level this week? Again, the scale being one, not so stressed, and ten, you're like super stressed.
Participant: Oh man, that's a great question. Perfect timing. So I'm also in the process of moving across the country. I would say it's, although everything is going pretty smoothly, I would say it's at least an eight because there's a lot of uncertainty that's coming up too, and you know, making goals, you know, planning the room. Yeah. 
Health Coach:Yeah, definitely. Well, I feel for you. The stress is real, and I guess I just want to say like the goal that you set is a form of stress relief, and so hopefully, you know, next week we can, I'll check in with you about your stress level again, and if the walking is helpful, cool, and if you want to set a different goal around that, we can talk about it, but best of luck with your move and all that. 
Participant: Thank you.
Health Coach:Yeah, okay. Let's see. So in terms of next steps, I will send you an email with a summary of the goals, and if there's any other resources that you want, I can attach those as well.
Do, we won't set a time right now, but does this time for you next week work? 
Participant: Yes, yes, it does. 
Health Coach:Okay, cool. So I look forward to hearing about your goals, how they went next week, and then I'll check in with you in a few days to see how the walking is going.
Participant: Thank you, Jasmine. Yeah, next time. Bye.
Health Coach:Hi, Erica, nice to see you again. How are you doing? 
Participant: I'm hanging in there. Thank you, Jasmine.
Health Coach:How are you? I'm doing good too. I'm excited to learn how the week went for you about the messages and your stress, so yeah, take a deep breath. It's gonna be okay.
Participant: I know, it's been a long week. For sure, for sure. Well, similar to last time, I'd like to start with asking about the text messages, and if there were any that stood out to you or any that motivated you.
Participant: One of the things I did notice this week is there were a few more messages about like mindfulness or meditation and taking some time to think about the things that you're grateful for. So I really like that because I think oftentimes the, as I mentioned, the week just goes by and we kind of lose sense of where time went. So it was good to stop for a minute and really think about what are the things that I'm most grateful for this week.
Health Coach:Oh, what came up for you? 
Participant: Well, I'm very grateful for my family because they're, they're very supportive. And as I mentioned last week, I'm in the process of moving and I've asked them for quite a bit of help and they've been all very willing to, to help. So that's been, it's been nice to know that I have that support system.
Health Coach:Oh, that's so wonderful. Thanks for sharing. So is there, kind of before we continue on too, is there anything that you're hoping to check in about today or focus on for the week? 
Participant: I think for my, my goal that I had this last week, things sort of came up along the way. So I want to kind of talk a little bit about what to do in those situations, how to best handle them. Because I don't know if I did a very good job with my goal. I'm sure you did the best you could and that's all we can ask for.
Health Coach:So yeah, let's, let's hop into it. On a scale of one to 10, how, how were you doing in meeting your goal? One being not so great and 10 being great? 
Participant: I would say kind of in the middle because I know I said I would walk three days of the week for 20 minutes. And as I mentioned, I had something on the weekend too and we moved that date, but I was able to do it Friday.
And then once Monday came around, I kind of forgot all about it. Yeah. So that, that sort of, and then Tuesday came around and I'm like, oh no, my goal.
Participant: And by then I'm like, okay, well, I don't know, maybe I should do something else. Cause I just didn't feel like going out those few days. So instead I, I did a bit of like the mindfulness or meditation for just 10 minutes, two days. But it wasn't what I originally intended to do, which was to walk. 
Health Coach:Yeah. So that definitely happens sometimes, especially when you have a lot on your plate. 
Let me ask about your stress level. How was your stress level this week? Oh, on a scale of one to 10, one being not so stressed, 10 being really stressed. 
Participant: I would say things have, things have been sort of piling up, as I mentioned, cause I'm also starting school. So I would say it's definitely gone up a bit. I would say closer to a nine. I'm juggling quite a few things right now.
Participant: And I think that also contributed to me forgetting that I was going to walk. Also remember I asked about tracking it. I forgot to write it down. I think that also didn't help. So maybe I need to just do a better job at writing things down so that I can actually see it throughout the week. Cause yeah, I kind of forgot when, until Tuesday came around and I'm like, oh no.
Health Coach:Yeah. So what I'm, you know, getting from YouTube is like different data points that you can use to like, that you've learned about yourself that can help you set your future goals. And, you know, these like little bumps in the road happen. 
So perseverance, resiliency are all things that you can build. Also problem solving, like this is a, I don't want to say a great problem to have, but use that critical thinking to figure out what is going to be helpful for you next. You mentioned meditation and being able to do that two times this last week for 10 minutes. Is that something that a practice that you want to continue? 
Participant: Yes, I found it very useful and it kind of helped me clear my head a little bit from all the things that are going on. So I think that would be another good place to continue to work on. Okay.
Health Coach:Okay. So going, you know, reminding ourselves about the SMART goal, making it specific, measurable, obtainable, relevant, and timely. We had it in this sentence format. In the next week, I will blank. Do you feel confident in filling in that blank? Yeah. 
Participant: And I do think that for this week, I still want to continue with just one and I will switch the goal from the walking to the meditation. I think I found that to be helpful, but also more practical giving all the things that are going on right now and I need to clear the mind.
Participant: So I will practice mindful meditation and I found a 10 minute guided meditation that I could do. It's kind of like a body scan and I'm doing that at night right before I go to bed. So it's 10 minutes and I will do that three days this upcoming week. So I'll add a day from what I was able to do last week for 10 minutes and that's usually around 10:00, 10:30 at night for three days. 
Health Coach:Yeah, that's really great. And you mentioned a few things as to like why this is important for you. One thing I heard was around like that stress management piece and then like the grounding like right before bed. Is there any other reasons why this goal is important to you? 
Participant: I think in feeling that last week was not as successful as I wanted it to be, I realized too that I'm not getting good quality rest. So I had a hard time getting up in the morning, for example, and that also contributed to not walking in the morning.
So I do feel that I might need to focus on the sleep part, which I think the meditation will help. That way I can get to bed and fully get a good night's sleep and it can help with, you know, the walking in the morning piece. I do feel those are somewhat connected, but I might need to address one before the other.
Health Coach:And you also mentioned that like you had a little bit of a challenge remembering that you have this goal. How would you like to remind yourself in the upcoming week? 
Participant: I'm definitely going to put it on my phone and set a reminder, but I also have a little calendar on my wall. So I'll write on the days that I said that I would walk or meditate in this example to meditate. That way I can visually see it because I thought I could remember in my life. 
Health Coach:Yeah, that happens sometimes. Would you want to set that reminder on your phone right now? 
Participant: Sure.
Health Coach:Just do do do do do do. 
Participant: Actually, I dont have my phone with me right now.
Health Coach:Actually, that's okay. 
Participant: Oh, but I can do it on my calendar on my computer. 
Health Coach:Okay. So in the next week, you will meditate for 10 minutes for at least three days. Did you want to specify the days? 
Participant: Let's see. Yes. So I'll do that on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. 
Health Coach:Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Okay. So it's specific and you're measuring it by specifying the days as well as marking it on your calendar. Does it feel attainable to you, like possible? 
Participant: Yes, especially because this week I was able to do two days. So by adding another day, it feels achievable.
Health Coach:Awesome. So confidence question on a scale of one to 10, what's your confidence level in meeting your SMART goal? 
Participant: I would say it's an eight. 
Health Coach:Yeah, that's really high. I'm so excited. Okay, cool. So if you're feeling good about that SMART goal, then let's move forward with that. Any other questions before we sign off? 
Participant: Um, no, not today. 
Health Coach:Okay. And did we address your goals from the beginning around like problem solving and shifting the goal?
Participant: Yes, we talked about it when I mentioned that I changed my goal to the meditation. So I think I also realized that at some point, things might change throughout the week. And if I change my goal, that that's okay. As long as I'm able to achieve something. I think that's the most important thing, at least for for me in the process of working on my health and wellness. 
Participant: Okay, I did want to ask a question about in terms of additional resources. If you have any other ideas about meditation that that might be useful, feel free to send it my way because I found a body scan online. But if you have other resources that you think might be useful, I can use that too. 
Health Coach:Definitely. Oh, yeah, seeing as you were able to do this two times a week last time that seemed like you had a good resource, but I'm happy to send additional ones. Usually, like a YouTube search, or sometimes certain apps have free trials, and you can like utilize the free trial. And if you're subscribed to or if you have an active school email, schools sometimes have partnership with like mental health apps. And so I'll look into see, I'll look to see if you're eligible for anything like that.
Participant: Thank you. Thank you. Yeah.
Health Coach:So yeah, look out for that email. It'll include a summary of your goal for this week. And then some resources. I'll check in with you via text message. And if you have any questions for me, feel free to reach out via email or text. 
Participant: Thank you.
Health Coach:Yeah. Alrighty. See you next week. Bye
Health Coach:Hi, Erica. 
Participant: Hi, Jasmine. How are you today? 
Health Coach: I'm doing okay. It's sad to say that this is our last coaching session. 
Participant: I know. I know. 
Health Coach:How are you feeling about it? 
Participant: I'm a little sad. I'm gonna miss our check-ins. I do feel that checking in once a week was helping me to stay accountable with my goals. So I'm starting to think about how I keep myself accountable moving forward. But hopefully it's something that we'll talk about today.
Health Coach:For sure. For sure. So towards the end of our session, I'll let you know more about next steps and follow up. But until then, I'd love to hear how it's going with your health goal from last week.
Participant: So, last week went really well. I was able to accomplish my goal, which was to meditate three times of the week for 10 minutes. So I was very successful and I'm really happy.
Health Coach:So I don't want to label this for you, but on a scale to 10, how would you say you did in meeting your goal? 
Participant: It was definitely a 10. 
Health Coach:Okay, cool. Awesome. That's really wonderful to hear. What do you think helped make it successful for you? 
Participant: I wrote it down so that I wouldn't forget. And I set that reminder on my calendar and my phone. Um, that way I was getting multiple notifications. So, I also set a bedtime schedule, which I think reinforced that. Okay. You're getting ready for bed. You also need to do your meditation. And I was successful, and also it helped me so that I was getting a better night's sleep, and I was actually able to walk in the morning 2 days of the week.
Health Coach: Wow, so it even went back to your original goal around walking. 
Participant: Yes, it was in the back looming and I figured if I'm able to do the meditation, get a better night's sleep, then I'll see what else I can throw in there. But definitely the meditation was a 10. 
Health Coach:Awesome
Participant: And it's kind of motivating me to be able to figure out, okay, how do I start to implement a few other things? 
Health Coach:Cool. That's really great to hear. Thanks so much for sharing. So before we continue on with,  you know, talking about your goal for this week and accountability, I wanna talk about the text messages.  What messages stood out to you?  Have they motivated you?  anything you wanna share? 
Participant: I really like the recipe that was sent out for the salad,  especially right now that it's summer. I think it's a great, fresh new thing to try. So I really liked that this week. And it also gave me the idea of, okay, I also need to think about the types of things that I'm eating and how I can add more variety to my food. 
Health Coach:Awesome. Okay, I feel like there's a goal there. Beginning to bloom. 
Participant: Yes, yes.
Health Coach:So now checking in about your stress level on a scale of 1 to 10, what would you say your stress has been like this week? 
Participant: I think it's been more manageable, especially because I'm also getting a better night's sleep and I've been able to do a little bit more and handle more things. I would say it's more like 6. Good. 
Health Coach:So a really big decrease from last time we talked. That's so nice to hear. Congratulations on being less stressed.  
Participant: I know.  I know those are things that can fluctuate so much, but I do feel that talking to you and getting a better sense of what my goals are to improve my health has really helped me figure out, okay, how can I become better even with time management? Right. So I'm able to fit in some of these things that I really want to do, but I, in the beginning, I kept pushing them off of my plate.
Health Coach:Yeah, you have shown great growth and yeah, like I think you've been able to hold yourself accountable to a certain degree on these, on meeting these goals. So great job.  Is there aside from like accountability, is there anything else that you'd like to check in about?
Participant:  I think that's one of the major items. I like the SMART goal that we've been setting every week and I feel those are going to be, that's gonna be a resource that I can continue to use, not just for making goals around health and wellness as we have been doing, but also for school as I've used them in the past. So I think that's been a great tool. I do worry, as I mentioned, about not having that check-in, that weekly check-in. Because I feel that could make me kind of fall off the wagon in a way, or off the horse. 
Health Coach:Yeah. Well, and using our problem-solving skills, right, that critical thinking, what resources do you have available to you that you can incorporate to help you stay on top of that,  on top of your goals?  
Participant: That's a great question. I'm trying to think from everything that we've done, I really do think that continuing to use this smart goal is going to be the most useful part.  What I'm wondering is how do  I keep myself accountable? And I found it very helpful to write things down from my goals to how they were going.
Participant: So I'm thinking one of things that I can continue to do is continue to write my goals,  but also write an update of how they went, because then that's gonna tell me, okay, yes, you're doing this, no, you're not doing it. And that's a way that I can also hold myself accountable.  I also share with friends that I was doing this program and they were really excited. So I think continuing to have conversations with my friends about my smart goals and my wellness goals and how those are going, can also help me to have accountability. 
Health Coach:Yeah, you've listed a lot of great things. And if I were to like, spill the beans back to you, it would be just what you've shared. So I think you're on the right track in terms of keeping that accountability. And if you find yourself drifting away and being like less accountable, you can use mindfulness to kind of gravitate back towards what your goals are and how you want to stay on track. Have you practiced mindfulness or feel like you can, you know, identify when you're like drifting away from your goals a little? 
Participant:  I've heard of mindfulness.  I've practiced like the body scan meditation, but I haven't practiced mindfulness. So if you have resources that would be useful, I think that will be something great to look into as well.
Health Coach: Yeah, so mindfulness can look a lot of different ways in our lives. And I think if I could like simplify a little bit, it's about being present and being present with intention. So like, your, your ringer goes off for 10:30 and you know, you want to meditate and you're like, you ignore it, but like, using mindfulness, you either ignore it with intention of like, okay, I'm actively choosing to ignore this, or like, be intentional and saying like, okay, I want to ignore it, but I'm not going to. Okay. So that's how you can incorporate mindfulness and connection to accountability. 
Participant: Thank you. I think that's a great way to put it because I do have this tendency to not be present.  I like the idea that we should think a little bit more about the actions that we take, right? And be really present when we make those decisions. 
Health Coach:Yeah, and I think also employing self-compassion and that you don't want to be too hard on yourself.  
Participant: Oh, thank you. That's sweet
Health Coach:In terms of your health goal for this next week,  you know, we won't have another session to check in about it, but I'd love to work with you in setting a goal or two.  Yeah, what's coming up for you? Would you like to continue to meditate, incorporate walking? 
Participant: I think the meditation or the body scan at night has been going really well. So I definitely want to continue doing that at least three days of the week.  I do want to, as I mentioned, incorporate, more different types of food into, into my eating. Um, so I want to try the recipe that was sent out and find at least one more, um, that I can use for this upcoming week.  So that would be my new goal, I would say. 
Health Coach:Yeah. So try two new recipes. Yeah. 
Participant: So I will incorporate two new recipes this upcoming week. And I can do that for lunch, especially because one of them was a salad and it looked really good for lunch. So I can do that on Monday and Wednesday of this week for lunchtime. 
Health Coach:Okay. Do you know where you're going to find an additional recipe or what you're looking for?
Participant: If you have resourcesor ideas of where I can find some? I was thinking of just going on Google and finding some stuff. But if there's sites that you have found in the past that are really useful and user-friendly,  that will be good. 
Health Coach:Yeah, I think one, that would do the same thing. I would just Google because that's an excellent resource. Pinterest tends to be very popular as well. And there's a lot of recipe websites. One thing that could be helpful is what are you looking for in the second recipe that you'd like to incorporate? Do you want it to be a salad? Do you want it to be like a more veggie-heavy dish?
Participant: I think a salad will be good and it will be good to learn a little bit more about what's in season. So using fruits and vegetables that are in season, I think that will be good. 
Health Coach:Okay. In terms of is this attainable for you? Do you anticipate any challenges in finding another recipe or eating two new meals this week? I think finding the other recipe is not going to be too difficult. What I'm wondering is, and that's the reason why I mentioned  finding seasonal products because that would be my only concern that if I go to the grocery store, something might not be there.  But I do feel that there's a higher likelihood of it being available if it's something that is in season.  
Health Coach:Um hmm, okay. 
Participant: Overall, I think it's achievable.  And I only want to start with two to keep it attainable. I think doing it twice a week for lunchtime, I would say my confidence would be about an eight or seven eight around.  
Health Coach:That's really good. Awesome. And why is eating, you know, two new meals important to you?
Participant: Well, in thinking about, you know, having a healthy mind and healthy body, I think it involves more than just, you know, having like a good attitude and doing physical activity. Also what you put in your body also matters. So I think for me,  I wanna try new foods and this is a great way to do it as well. 
Health Coach: Awesome. So I'm hearing in the next week,  you will plan two new meals for lunchtime and then kind of a subset of that you will like eat the two meals. So plan and eat. 
Participant: Yeah, of course.
Health Coach:Yes. Okay, cool. And you were very confident in meeting that SMART goal. So is there any modifications or reminders or things that you'd like to talk through to help you meet this goal? 
Participant: In thinking about the recipes or the meals, I do think that in preparation to that, of course, finding the recipe, but writing down the ingredients that I'm going to need so that when I go to the grocery store on Sunday, I can get everything that I need to for the Monday and Wednesday meal.  So yeah
Health Coach:So you'll have to set a little bit of time to meet or to create that grocery list. Yes. And that feels... 
Participant: I can do that over the weekend before I go grocery shopping. 
Health Coach:Awesome. Do you normally set or shop at the grocery list? 
Participant: Yes
Health Coach:Awesome. What a great habit. 
Participant:  I don’t stick to it 100 %? Not all the time. I will be honest. But I try. I do my best. I also make sure that I don't go on an empty stomach because I end up buying way too many things.  
Health Coach:Those are great tips. 
Participant: I have done that too. 
Health Coach:Awesome. Yeah. 
Participant: My roommate usually knows when I went shopping while I was hungry because I come home with lots of sweets.  
Health Coach:Lots of sweets, salty, extra things. Yeah, that happens sometimes.  Yeah, but it sounds like you've been able to change that habit to where it's more helpful to you. So eating before the grocery store. 
Participant: Yeah, yeah, definitely eat before. 
Health Coach:Okay. Yeah. So to wrap up, could you please just remind me what your two health goals or what your two SMART goals are? So using the.. in the next week.  
Participant: So we talked about, I will be doing the meditation three times of the week at night before going to bed for 10 minutes.  And also doing the two new recipes for lunch on Monday and Wednesday. And I would say my confidence level for both of them is about an eight. 
Health Coach:Okay, really great.  And at least in terms of like resources,  I can send you some information about mindfulness as well as maybe recipes that you might be interested in, in trying.  Any other questions or concerns before we transition? 
Participant: No. 
Health Coach:All right. So as always, you've set really great goals for yourself this week. I'll send you an email with a summary and the resources that we discussed. Regarding next steps, you will receive a few more text messages. Feel free to continue to respond. Oh, I just realized I didn't ask you about the text messages, did I?  
Participant: No, I don't think we talked about the text messages yet.  
Health Coach:Yeah. Is there anything that you want to share about last week's messages?
Participant: Let me think. Last week here were a few oh, there I mentioned the recipe message. 
Health Coach:You did. 
Participant: So, I had brought that up a little bit earlier. But I also wanted to say thank you for reminding me about today's meeting. Because I did get your message. And thank you for the reminder. Sometimes it's really helpful to have that text message reminder or email. 
Health Coach:Yeah, yeah. Um, you know, in sharing resources, there are apps that help give that reminder. And so we talked about accountability and if, um, if you're interested in something like that, I can share an app with you. 
Participant: Oh, yes. Yeah. 
Health Coach:So in receiving the last few text messages, you're still welcome to respond to those. I will be getting them. Um, in addition, you will receive a link with a follow-up survey, uh, by the end of the day tomorrow. The survey is similar to the one that you took before and should take only about 15 minutes to complete.  After you complete the survey, you'll be invited to meet with a colleague of mine, and they're going to ask you a few questions about your experience and for any feedback you have on improving the program. This meeting is usually 40 to 60 minutes.  So, as of now, is there a time next week that works for you?
Participant: I would say that the regular time that we've been meeting would work.  
Health Coach:Okay, I'll take note of that and then send it over.  And the only thing we ask is if you could please complete the survey beforehand. We'll send out a Google invite with the zoom details at that point too. Any questions about that?  
Participant:  So complete the survey before setting up the interview or just make sure I complete the survey before the interview comes around. 
Health Coach:Yeah, the second one. 
Participant: Okay, sounds good.  
Health Coach:Awesome. Well, thank you again so much for participating in our program. It's been such a pleasure to work with you over these last few weeks. You have worked so hard to make positive changes in your life. Please remember you are in control of your life and of your connection to health and wellness.
With the skills and the knowledge you've gained, you can continue to set and achieve your future goals. And by taking care of yourself, you will be better able to take care of others. 
Participant:  Thank you. And thank you. You were very helpful in helping me formulate my goals to make sure that they were achievable, and also helping with the problem solving. So thank you. And all the resources that are offered were very helpful. I'll miss our talks. 
Health Coach:I'm very sure. And we live in the Bay, so maybe I'll see you around.  
Participant: I know. 
Health Coach:Alrighty, bye. 
Participant: Bye.
